is not the same picture. As the one, the same picture in all detail as the one Mr.
Wilson met. Yes sir, I can say that they are different pictures. There's no doubt about
that. You have no way of knowing, of course, for the different photography. We took them
over there, but the same photography were took them at a succeeding moment. No sir, as
you remember there were two photographers and I have never seen any other pictures that
they took. Unless these are two of them. Then we had a say Mr. Chairman, and I frankly
can't see any good importance to this. We have the same police department Mr. Shining
Faith, the same room smile Mr. Steven Faith, we have in one picture of the other and I
would not get only one time on this. Council have any further questions? Mr. Chairman,
I ask you to file the picture you sent or have sent from the office in New York City
for the purposes of identification as exhibit one to your testimony. And the large blown
up photograph being the second one exhibited as exhibit number two to your testimony and
as to the importance and so identify those photographs and that is all I can ask Mr.
Chairman, to be accepted and we call you to chair head no further questions. Mr. Shining
at this time has Senator McCaw. Sir, the large picture is not by the other one, but
by pleasure sir, then a touch of the testimony. I am not sure if the purpose of identifying
the picture. Yes sir. Chair, I accept the exhibit in council that's permissible and
we'll have it in record. Senator McCaw. Mr. Shining, I am Mr. Gear Testimony. You have never
seen this picture that came from your wall from the time that you brought it to Washington
and delivered it to the man whom you have identified. I did not open the fact that you
saw. I opened it in my office when I got there to make sure the disc rooms are picture of
secretary Stevens and myself, the one that Mr. Jenkins had requested. And then I asked one
of the girls in the office to wrap it up again and I brought it in that form to me a one
while I gave it to Mr. Nautcus. So that would mean you had not seen it since that
was your testimony. Have you in company with others had some pictures looking at them since
then that you recall? Have I heard what? Well, we'll make it a little more specific. Do you
recall whether you had dinner last Friday night at the Colony House right across from
the Mayflower Hotel? I do not recall having dinner there sir. Well do you say you did
or did? I think I was asked to come in there and I believe I had some ice cream sir.
Who will he in company with at the time? I will be by members of the staff sir.
Members of the staff sir. Yes sir. Well will you? This was not a Friday sir. Why do I have
a Friday? Might have had a Friday sir. I do not believe it was there. Well I will send you
delivered to picture one. Yes sir. We've sent state. Did you at that time when the
others have some pictures there? I mean you have some pictures of? Yes. At that time
it's old state whether this picture was in the number. No other. There were good
pictures. I have not seen this picture so far. That's why I understand you just say
if you have, I'm prime clear of some of the pictures as much as you're in this city.
One else, yes sir. Did you at that time have some other pictures there that you
were examining? I may have sir. Well do you recall? Yes sir. I had another picture
sir. What picture was that? This one I would not have thought you I'm the old
I'm interested in was this picture or one different to this? This was a picture of
members of the staff, the staff of the McCarthy and General Lawton. How many pictures,
different pictures that you have there at the time? Just one sir. Just one big. Just
sir. You now recall that incident. I do sir. That was you think last Friday night. I
don't believe it was Friday sir. I believe it was sometimes last week. It may have
no significance at all but just I wanted to let you clear it up. Just say this picture
was not there. It was definitely not there. What's the other picture about the same size as this?
I'm not sure whether they were the same size. They were the only one I thought
you said they don't have one. You asked me to say whether the other picture was the same size
as this one. That's right. I don't know whether they were the same size. Well I said
about the same size. I'm trying to determine whether this thing was there and
not it is one similar that might call somebody to make a mistaken identity. I believe
this one is about an 8 by 10 sir and possibly the other one was 10 by 12 or 8 by 10.
The larger than this you say. I'm not sure if sir.
Let me try to put it on the other side of the phone. My dad is part of me. This is
the private time deal. The picture is an innocent minimum. What's the identity of the
country? The picture is the right time. I think it will be good. Well, Mr.
Chairman, I believe I'd like to have the witness testify. I do not know that I can't
see the other picture. I'm only trying to determine. I'd like to hear this picture was
the picture and if not, whether someone else might have been mistaken and I'm
taken to identify this picture and I'm asking him so he may also have president
on the stand in this picture or the authenticity of it or whether it is doctor
visit issue that he may clear out this thing. I would be very happy to sir. I remember
the staff requested that I produce another picture. This was a picture taken when
the committee was holding hearings on communist infiltration in the signal call of the
army and I now recall at the staff has the picture and I understand how they can
produce it if you'd like them to. All right, let's get it completely clear and
accurate now. You did not have this picture but you did have another picture there
at the top. Yes sir. I'll ask identify the time from your recollection if it was not
last Friday night when was it might have been Thursday night sir. Either Thursday
or Friday night of last week. Yes sir. Who was in the party with you?
Ma'am. I think that Mr. Cron, Mr. Cron, Mr. Juliette, possibly one or two other members
of the staff. Was the man whom you have made as the one whom you delivered this
picture was he president at that time? I really don't remember that. Thank you.
George and Masters. George and Masters is the ma'am I'm inquiring about was he president
at that time. I don't recall for. I don't think he was. That is all from the president.
Senator Jackson. Senator Jackson. Yes.
This is I understood that you went up to New York on what day last week to get the picture.
I wasn't. I wasn't even. When's the evening and you returned with what's the evening.
I returned to the next day sir. You returned on Thursday. Yes sir.
And then you delivered the picture on Thursday to Mr. and Masters. Yes sir.
Was that Thursday morning or afternoon? It was just at the beginning of the afternoon there
but did you come back from New York with I came along. Yes sir. Now you testified
that you had no direct contact with the staff. That I had no direct contact with the staff.
Well you testified in response. I assume since the hearing started in response to
a Christmire Mr. Jenkins you said you had no sir. I said I have no direct contact with the staff.
Very, very good. Is that you haven't talked with anyone on the staff.
Not well hearing is going on sir because they're sitting right at the table sir.
You haven't talked with anyone on the staff in the evening or any other time. Oh yes sir.
I have been available and anxious and ready to cooperate in any way I can with members of the committee,
with members of the staff and with the department of the I came. I thought you wanted to correct that because I did not say I had no direct contact.
Very sure. I said during the hearing sir. I have not talked on the telephone with members of the staff.
As far as I can remember. You mean during the formal hearing. Here's the open but you don't mean after all.
No sir they have followed on me to do a great deal of work to produce many things.
Does any member of the staff do any work for you in preparing anything for you? Yes sir.
So some of the staff are assisting you then. No sir. If I am asked by the staff to write out something involving a report.
I feel free to call upon the staff and have to stay in the proper date or look at some of these.
We have a request for the staff to do any work for you. No sir.
That's all.
Senator Potter. Senator Samminton. Senator Poiseck.
Senator Poiseck.
All for you. Everything's human. No sir.
By the time you have understood any understanding of the person's time with the specific meeting of the staff committee.
The government operations committee to remain on its staff. Are they involved?
Yes sir. You have any agreement in the situation's time with the staff committee to remain as a member of the staff.
I am a pilot of the Army sir and I am not engaged by the staff committee except insofar as instructions are given to me to cooperate.
Which I am ready as willing to do. Would you any army on the other 24th? I was there in three. Yes sir.
I have used this copy of the committee's letter at that time. I have pleased to hear that somebody in my office typed out letter.
I probably was informed of the picture that arrived and I didn't feel as though anything wrong with the...
I don't feel as anything wrong with using that situation there. If they probably had it available. Are you still using?
I am not sure. But you did use it on November 24th. Well, somebody in the office selected that for the letter. Although I don't see any official designation on that sir.
Well, I am next. If I'm not bad, I'm just wondering whether you were authorized to use this stationery or be picking up private.
I am really sure that sir... I haven't been here very patiently. Watching centers go far up the hill.
I thought you were questioning this witness, according to Mr. Jenkins' statement, in regard to the authenticity of this photograph.
If we wanted to wonder the question, whether or not you use the piece of my stationery at some time, it's been famine at all right. But if you can open this up, then I must...
I must want to look at the sliding shoes off. So, I should determine a minor title to my rights to remember this.
Point of order, Mr. Chairman. It's not a point of order. It's not a point of order, Mr. Chairman. That's the council stated.
The finish. Council stated that we would only win with this turn. The question, and I often just do the photograph.
The Chair would like to remind the Senator Toysack that the council is interested in. And I think that's before you return to the committee, Mr. Senator.
That's a question at this time to pray with China to be addressed only to the authenticity of the photograph.
You are all... You are recharming having heard that. You are returning the mission when I was over entering the road.
Correct. You were returning. So, the Senator McRathie's point of order is well taken.
I don't think you were here.
Senator McRathie, any further questions?
Mr. Council, the Chair has... What's the question?
Yes, I do now.
The Chair, in view of questions, ask you, Senator McRathie.
I'm out of the mid-mire duty on behalf of this committee to ask you, Father, with reference to these photographs.
Yes, sir.
I understand you just say that last Friday evening you were at the Colony Club or Old Colony Club in Washington.
I was nervous, sir.
Last Thursday night.
I believe it was Friday, sir, for the last 20 years.
From the May 5th hotel.
Yes, sir.
And that Mr. Colony was present.
Mr. Colony was present.
I believe he was, sir.
He was present.
Yes, sir.
You were present.
And you were asked by Senator McRathie and the winner, not George.
And that's just his present.
You look all right.
Yes, sir, I do.
Your answer was that you didn't remember.
My answer was, sir, that I do not recall that he was present, but I do not believe that he was.
Was anybody else in the party outside of those that you named?
That you distinctly recall?
I don't distinctly recall anybody else.
How the time of night was that party given?
I don't know that it was the party.
How the difference is?
What time did the group resemble?
I don't know.
You know what I mean.
What did you go back?
I came there after they had begun eating dinner, sir.
What time of night?
I don't know what time they ate dinner.
Neither does the committee.
I believe it must have been in the middle of the evening.
What time is the middle of the evening?
Nine or ten o'clock at the invitation did you come?
I came with the request of either Mr. Coler or Mr. Carter.
You came, you went alone.
Yes, sir.
Knowing that the assembly you was there?
Mr. Schein, did you take this photograph with you that you referred to?
A photograph of you Senator McCarthy and my best-sothers.
Did you take it wrong with you when you went to the office?
Is that old Coler and the club?
I never heard of it.
I believe it's Coler and the Coler and the rest are on it.
The watch?
The Coler and the rest are on it.
Not a spin point.
It's the Coler and the rest are on it.
Yes, sir.
Did you take that photograph with you?
What was the occasion of you doing that?
I believe I was asked to, sir.
Pardon?
I'm not sure, sir.
Either Mr. Coler or Mr. Carter.
No, I'm not sure, sir.
I believe they wanted it, sir.
I don't know the purpose.
What was the request?
I used Senator McCarthy and who lived?
General Lawson is in the picture, sir.
As far as you know, I recall it was the photograph of you three only.
No, sir.
Other members of the staff.
Well, then you, General Lawson, Senator McCarthy.
Mr. Coler, is that right?
Yes, sir.
Mr. Ulyanna?
Mr. Carter.
I believe there was six in the picture, sir.
What was the occasion of you being invited to come to the Coler and the rest, sir?
And bring with you that particular photograph, why did they want it?
I have no idea, sir.
Well, you found out no doubt when you got there, what they wanted with it.
Well, I've had a request for many things, sir, in the last several days.
And I'm trying to comply with all of these requests.
Well, now you were asked specifically whether or not George and Astus was there.
And as I understand you, you say that this photograph that hung on your wall in New York City was delivered by you to George and Astus.
Yes, sir.
And you say you don't remember whether George and Astus was there at the Coler and the rest?
I don't think he was there.
Well, I know you first said as I record that you didn't remember whether.
I'm not sure that he was there.
Now, you remember what you ate there that night?
You told us, sir.
I did.
Did you ate ice cream?
I had a butter scotch and a nut.
And you remember the time in the RAM?
Butter scotch ice cream?
Right, sir.
Yes, sir.
And it was not a large group of people, sir.
I wouldn't say it was the last, sir.
All right, you would say it was a small group.
For several people, sir.
Now, well, how many?
You've named all of them, have you not?
I...
I don't know who I named, sir.
I have this to shine what I want to give at this, this.
And I know the committee wants to give at it.
How is it that you love the bureaucratic graduates, aren't you not?
Rare, sir.
And you have served this committee as a special consultant for some considerable time.
That's correct, isn't it?
Right, sir.
Yes, sir.
Now, Mr. Shine, the union to sell this committee here today under your own.
That you do not remember today, Thursday, with whom you ate that ice cream,
like Thursday, one week ago, at the colony restaurant here in Washington,
is that what you're telling this committee?
Oh, they're going to explain that, sir.
Whether you have an explanation, I'm sure the committee would like to hear it.
I am a private in the United States Army, sir.
That does not affect your memory, does it?
I think I have a fairly good memory, sir.
All right, now.
Couldn't we let the private finish his answer?
If I have any more Bob, I'll apologize to you.
Sir, when you're in the gasp, I'll apologize.
Since I have been in the army, sir, I have been subjected to many pressures.
I have to call upon to do many things.
I have received many orders, quite a new age role for a private in the army to receive.
And I have a pay gem for the rest of my ability.
Since I came to Washington, I have at the request of many individuals attended many meetings.
And this controversy has caused many of them to work late hours, including myself.
And I really think it's quite natural that I can't remember who was at all of the meetings.
Well, Mr. Shai, your explanation of the thing is, as we get it, that you're in the sort of a state of exhaust.
I am not exhaustive, sir.
I think, sir, when you were asking me about the meeting on Wednesday evening,
and you asked me whether Mr. Cohn were present, and you said, perhaps Mr. Kyle was present,
and perhaps other individuals were present, that you suffered from the same type of form or me that I suffered from now.
I believe, Mr. Shai.
I believe, the Committee believes, that perhaps I have been a little more visually engaged for the last week or two.
And maybe you have, and there is some, I regret to say disparity in our ages.
Well, sir, I certainly, but I'm asking you about a simple event.
I certainly, we have, I certainly, of some five or just a few of me in one week ago.
And when you said you didn't remember, whether or not George and that's just who happens to be the man that you delivered this New York photograph to,
was present or not, I have felt that I should explore that specific further and I still think so.
Well, I'll tell you why I can remember that I gave before orange you,
but I was now in the haven to Mr. Shai and been here some week or ten days.
Sir, haven't you been in Washington, or have you ever heard of Camp Royal, some week or ten days?
I know, physically, it's all just right now.
Mr. Chairman, Mr. Chairman.
I'm getting off with sick of this.
The Council, Council stated to the general that this would be respected to the photograph.
I have restricted myself to that.
Now we're delving into what type of ice cream the private eat last week.
Now this has some, this has some relevancy to the photograph.
Good. We'll go into it.
But I think there's a limit to how ridiculous we can guess here.
I say, Mr. Chairman, that this goes to the relevancy of the photograph
if the proof develops that one week ago, approximately, this witness was in company with other members of the staff
who he has mentioned and had a photograph with him.
I say that it is a circumstance shedding light on the authenticity or lack of it
of these photographs and I desire to pursue that examination, Father.
May I speak, sir?
May I finish my answer, sir?
Yes, sir.
You see, sir, when you sent me to New York to obtain this photograph,
I did that other document, sir.
I was very anxious to do answer because I understood you were quite anxious to have these things.
And I went right to the airport, sir, down on the first plane.
And when I came back from the Yorkshire, Mr. Amastus met me at the airplane.
You testified all at now.
Yes, sir.
And therefore, I do remember giving him the photograph because he came with me to the office
and as a matter of fact, one of the staff came in and said, let me see the picture of you and Secretary Stevens.
And I said, we are better sent this right off because Mr. Jenkins is anxious to have it, so we better not open it.
And I remember, Mr. Amastus taking the picture.
I'm standing in the corridor.
Because you were so anxious to have the picture and the documents there, I was quite anxious to comply with your wishes.
And remember distinctly, the incident as to what I gave to the members of the staff on that evening.
They have asked me for many things, sir.
There was no urgency about this photograph.
It was one of many things, perhaps, which they have requested.
And I really didn't pay much attention to who was at the meeting.
I merely came to the...
How long have you been working?
I didn't mean to cut you off.
I think they were finished eating, sir.
They asked me if I wanted anything.
And I ordered some ice cream.
And I believe I handed them whatever they asked for.
And I think that we all left shortly thereafter.
All right.
I'll tell you the interview, I'm sure.
A bigger party, I'm sure I'm sure.
And I'm sure I don't mean to cut you off.
I'm trying to...
I think I can find out exactly who was there, sir.
Not asking you that now.
Mr. Shine, when I met you in Mr. Holmes' office, one evening, I requested after you had given me certain information.
A photograph of you and the Secretary of the Army, did I not?
You did, sir.
Yes, sir.
Now, Mr. Shine, you now know that I introduced his evidence from cross examination of the Secretary of the Army.
A photograph of the Secretary and if you alone, you know that, don't you?
Yes, sir.
He doesn't know what I see.
I do, sir.
I know that, sir.
Very well.
It now develops that the photograph of Colonel...
Is it not?
Is General Barney?
Colonel Barney.
Was admitted to that photograph, doesn't it?
You know that?
That's the fact.
Yes, sir.
Now we're trying to inquire about it.
You went to the Colony Club and we should go tonight.
Now, you know George and I just don't you.
You know that?
I do not know if you know him, Mr. Shine.
I've known him for several months, sir.
I do know him well.
In fact, I think I've known him for longer than several months.
Well, is he all the McCarthy Committee?
Yes, sir. He's a member of the ZAC.
Yes, sir.
You worked with him day in and day out over the course of the last several months.
Well, sir, he came with the committee lunch later than I did, sir.
And if you were asked to bring a certain photograph to the Colony restaurant,
if we could go tonight that this not include a photograph of the Secretary of the Army,
which...
Yes, sir.
But only a photograph of Senator McCarthy and certain members of his staff, including yourself.
And General Lawton, sir.
Do you know I asked you again,
why has any explanation given to you as to why they wanted you to bring that photograph?
I think they thought possibly so that you might want to have it.
Well, you know why such a photograph would shed any light on the issues of this conversation?
I don't think you mean a controversy over the picture, sir.
Oh, yes.
And the controversy between the respecting parties to this...
to this controversy.
I have no idea that you pictured.
Can you imagine why I would shed any light, whatever, on what we're investigating here?
I don't know, sir.
You don't know.
I think if...
Was it said or suggested to you, you say you thought maybe...
Who ever asked you to bring it, conceived the idea that I might want it to?
Was it suggested to you that I have borrowed for such a picture?
No, sir.
I think you know that it's...
It was not, sir.
Well, when you got there with me, was there any discussion about it?
There was, sir.
What was that discussion, may I answer?
You tell what was there.
Here's the picture.
And there was discussion as to whether you might want to have it or not.
Well, in what connection was it suggested that I would want such a picture to shed any light on what this committee is trying to decide?
No particular connection, sir.
You mean the same general?
No, nothing in particular, but what generally was said about it?
I believe so that the members of the staff are anxious to give you any and all information.
So do you want me to finish?
Okay.
I have seen...
How come an energetic lawyer has worked my time for my life?
Most of them have the same reflection.
So I'm just going to ask the next person.
They don't wait for the answer.
And almost the Welsh is not doing this purpose.
Not Mr. Welsh, Mr. Jankus is not doing this purpose, mate.
But sitting in the flat line with the Jankus,
frankly, you were not giving the...
No.
...right of the chance to answer.
Right.
I agree, sir, that the members of the staff are anxious to give you any information documents or facts that will help to...
present a full and fair picture of all activities relating to this current series of hearings.
And I am not exactly sure what is in the minds of the individuals who have the photograph that I suggest there, respectfully, as that you ask for the photograph.
And possibly you will find a relevant, and possibly you won't.
Perhaps it's significant that they haven't given it to you.
That's fine. Perhaps they don't think that you will find a relevant, and perhaps after you look at it, you will find that it's relevant.
Mr. Shane, where do you get the picture that you took to the colony restroom?
I had a witness, sir.
Well, that you had it when you would not have been changed.
I got it in the York City, sir.
When?
At the same time, you've left the other photograph.
No, sir. I don't believe so, sir. I believe I got it last week, sir.
Well, how far have you got it where you requested to get it by anyone?
Or did you do it at your own voting in there? How about it?
I'm not sure if you're aware of anyone specifically said, bring me a picture of you and set it in the McCarthy and General Lawton.
But I know that in getting together certain documents and papers, which members of the staff have asked me to bring to the committee,
that I included this particular document as I have excluded others.
I have been asked for many things, and I haven't made any long lists.
I've also been asked for categories of things, sir.